Update and rename developer_guide.md to ansible_operator_sdk_develope… (#1788)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/ansible/dev/developer_guide.md

In addition to Ansible, a user must install the [OpenShift Restclient

> Python][openshift_restclient_python] package. This can be installed from pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python][openshift_restclient_python] package. This can be installed with pip or pip3
```

> Python][openshift_restclient_python] package. This can be installed from pip:

Reviewer: Sync we upgrade the ansible images to use python3 we updated it to use pip3 in the doc. However, pip or pip3 could be used to install open shift.

(RBAC) definitions for resource Foo. `operator-sdk` auto-generates these files
inside of the `deploy` folder:
```bash

> $ kubectl create -f deploy/crds/foo_v1alpha1_foo_crd.yaml

Reviewer: The latest released creates the files with these names and not so long as `foo_v1alpha1_foo_cr` . See:

```
$ operator-sdk new --type ansible --kind Foo --api-version foo.example.com/v1alpha1 foo-operator
INFO[0000] Creating new Ansible operator 'foo-operator'. 
INFO[0000] Created deploy/service_account.yaml          
INFO[0000] Created deploy/role.yaml                     
INFO[0000] Created deploy/role_binding.yaml             
INFO[0000] Created deploy/crds/foo.example.com_foos_crd.yaml 
INFO[0000] Created deploy/crds/foo.example.com_v1alpha1_foo_cr.yaml 
```
